# Quarter 1 Project:

This project uses data generated by the Solar Energy Innovation Laboratory (SOLEIL)'s experiments with perovskite solar films. The data they collect are information about the manufacturing process and materials used in the solar films and GoPro pictures taken at a set interval to document the degradation of the films. 

Our project takes the GoPro images and processes them so that for each image an average black value is calculated for each film. These are called colormetrics. This enables the tracking of degradation using a single value per film instead of a picture. Then, we use machine learning models to try to predict the path of colormetrics using information about the manufacturing of the film.

The current iteration of this project uses only a subset of the GoPro pictures to keep the file size small for those who seek to reproduce this project.

## How to Run

To run this project follow these instructions:
- in a console navigate to the folder containing the project files.
- in the console run ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` to ensure that you have all the necessary packages to run the project.
- in the console run ```python build_models.py```

```build_models.py``` processes the images in the gopro_images folder into colormetrics, builds models using many different regressors, prints out the test error for each regressor, and then produces a graph displaying the test errors for each regressor to better demonstrate which model had the best performance.
